---
layout: post
title: "Arrrrcamp #5"
description: ""
category: 'arrrrcamp'
tags: ['tech', 'ruby', 'rails', 'arrrrcamp']
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Avast!

I'm happy to present you the fifth edition of Arrrrcamp.

After the success of last year I'm aiming to an ever better conference. More room for more pirates. More treasure to collect, more cocktails to drink, and more fun! Ticket sale is open as from today, and speakers and sponsors are invited to get in contact.

I've planned the 2011 treasure hunt on October 7th. This year, I even got a bigger ship. The venue is still the Zebrastraat in Ghent (I got bigger conference rooms, no worries), the formula hasn't changed (good talks and some networking time) and I hope for the same atmosphere as last edition (cocktails and fun).

I can already present two fellow deckhands, John Long and Jim Gay. Both of them are Radiant Core developers, with John Long being the founding father of Radiant, and Jim Gay the current captain of the Radiant project. I happily raided their ship and convinced them to share their treasures and piratry-knowledge.

All preparations have started, but I still have some holes left and right to fill. If you are interested in speaking, or you know some people we should contact, contact me! There is [a call for papers](http://arrrrcamp.be/call-for-papers/) open, feel free to submit your talk.

If you want to sponsor Arrrrcamp, please get in touch. Me and my crew want to make the experience as good as possible for attendees and speakers, but this costs some money. We value our sponsors, and we are convinced that [our sponsoring deals](http://arrrrcamp.be/become-a-sponsor/) are good value.

Book your seat now! As from today the early parrot ticket sale is open at the reasonable price of € 65 per ticket. Normal ticket price will be € 95 once the first batch of tickets is sold.

So, start warming up your liver, feed your parrot and brush your eyepatch, 'cause we are ready for our next adventure. Stay tuned through this site, and follow the captains parrot babblings through Twitter.

The captain!
